Add Y062: Forbid duplicates in `Literal[]` slices (#449)
PyCQA/flake8-pyi: ERRORCODES.md

| Y059 | `Generic[]` should always be the last base class, if it is present in a class's bases tuple. At runtime, if `Generic[]` is not the final class in a the bases tuple, this [can cause the class creation to fail](https://github.com/python/cpython/issues/106102). In a stub file, however, this rule is enforced purely for stylistic consistency.
| Y060 | Redundant inheritance from `Generic[]`. For example, `class Foo(Iterable[_T], Generic[_T]): ...` can be written more simply as `class Foo(Iterable[_T]): ...`.<br><br>To avoid false-positive errors, and to avoid complexity in the implementation, this check is deliberately conservative: it only flags classes where all subscripted bases have identical code inside their subscript slices.

> | Y061 | Do not use `None` inside a `Literal[]` slice. For example, use `Literal["foo"] \| None` instead of `Literal["foo", None]`. While both are legal according to [PEP 586](https://peps.python.org/pep-0586/), the former is preferred for stylistic consistency. Note that this warning is not emitted if Y062 is emitted for the same `Literal[]` slice. For example, `Literal[None, None, True, True]` only emits Y062.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Y061 | Do not use `None` inside a `Literal[]` slice. For example, use `Literal["foo"] \| None` instead of `Literal["foo", None]`. While both are legal according to [PEP 586](https://peps.python.org/pep-0586/), the former is preferred for stylistic consistency. Note that this warning is not emitted if Y062 is emitted for the same `Literal[]` slice. For example, `Literal[None, None, True, True]` only causes Y062 to be emitted.
```
